Speculation is a mirror 
Speculation is Especulación 
Speculation is Spéculation 
Speculation is Spekulation 
Speculation is Speculazione 
Speculation is Especulação 
Speculation is Speculatie 
Speculation is Спекуляция 
Speculation is 投机 
Speculation is 投機 
Speculation is تكهن 
Speculation is 투기 
Speculation is Spekülasyon 
Speculation is Spekulation 
Speculation is Spekulacja 
Speculation is Προδιαγωγή 
Speculation is inevitable 
Speculation is assuming you will wake up the next day 
Speculation is waking up the next day without caring about the outcome of your day 
Speculation is refusing to accept you are not in control 
Speculation is accepting you are not in control and embracing it 
Speculation is having a complicated relationship with uncertainty 
Speculation is assuming uncertainty. Embracing it. Enjoying it. Playing in real life all the time.  
Speculation was assuming you and I were going to have a similar definition of what speculation is  
Speculation is knowing we were going to have different definitions. As well we understand time in different ways. 
Speculation is thinking you can predict time 
Speculation is unpredictability, not being strict with beginnings and endings. It’s understanding that time is a construction. Time doesn’t exist. Will exists. The will to use your time however you want, wisely or not. 
Speculation is weird. On the one hand you know unpredictability is a given. On the other you try to plan around it 
Speculation is fun. You can't really plan around it. You simply have to enjoy randomness and uncertainty. 
Speculation implies the action of speculating and that act means you are actively defying unpredictability 
Speculation is agreeing to disagree 
Speculation is Suspicion  
Speculation is Predicting the future. 
Speculation is Hypothesis. 
Speculation is A way of anticipating something.  
Speculation is Risk.  
Speculation is Informed guess. 
Speculation is A choice. 
Speculation is Seeing things where they couldn’t exist. 
Speculation is Recollection, inventing, reading, inventing. 
Speculation is Projecting.  
Speculation is Spying.  
Speculation is Uncertainty. 
Speculation is Observing attentively. 
Speculation is Trading. 
Speculation is the domestic space. 
Speculation is not the domestic space. 
Speculation is changing the usual order of something. 
Speculation is not changing the usual order of something. 
Speculation is turning off the TV. 
Speculation is not turning off the TV. 
Speculation is cooking new meals. 
Speculation is not cooking new meals. 
Speculation is doing something for no reason. 
Speculation is not doing something for no reason. 
Speculation is taking out the function from something. 
Speculation is not taking out the function from something. 
Speculation is having a cold shower. 
Speculation is not having a cold a shower.  
Speculation is not having a computer. 
Speculation is not not having a computer.  
Speculation is playing around. 
Speculation is not playing around. 
Speculation is sleeping in the hallway. 
Speculation is not sleeping the hallway. 
Speculation is spontaneous and fun. 
Speculation is not spontaneous nor fun. 
Speculation is filling in these blanks. 
Speculation is not filling in these blanks. 
Speculation is not saying “stealing” when you mean “taking”. 
Speculation is foraging.  
Speculation is a warm seat and a shiver.  
Speculation is a dog without a leash. 
Speculation is a softened stress ball.  
Speculation is the belly of a snake. 
Speculation is never one-sided.  
Speculation is an outcome at risk.  
Speculation is past performance not guaranteeing future results. 
Speculation is like browsing Instagram for quick knowledge bites when you're too tired to concentrate on anything else.
Speculation is like diving into a podcast interview about curatorial practice, where you start with a question and end up imagining other realities.
Speculation is like navigating the dentist's chair, imagining all the wild things you could store in that newly drilled tooth-hole, from tools to spice cabinets.
Speculation is pondering the broadness of ideas like guesswork, talk, guesstimate, gambling, opinion, supposition, and theorizing—all synonyms that open windows to different points of view.
Speculation is contemplating the impact of the 2008 financial crisis on your family, wondering if anecdotes about Wall Street connections are true or just vivid memories.
Speculation is imagining a future where swamps become archives of human and animal history, complete with secret cults and psychoactive initiations, next to ancient Greek artifacts and industrial ruins.
Speculation is like wondering whether you'll ever find your beloved Kinder Buenos again, amidst the complexity of consumption and survival.
Speculation is theorizing about the relationship between speculation itself and imprecise truths, where beliefs sometimes outweigh evidence.
Speculation is imagining a dental filling that isn't just amalgam or composite but includes options like gold, ceramic, or even a tiny radio.
Speculation is like exploring the unknown with toothpaste-flavored fillings and miniature retractable toothbrushes hidden in dental craters, pondering the depth of what's no longer there.
Speculation is like betting on whether your dentist will give you the perfect numbness or leave you with a comically swollen upper lip, as you sit in the dentist's chair imagining all the possibilities.
Speculation is like trying to remember if that anecdote about your stepmother working in Wall Street is true or just a really vivid speculation, shaping your views on finance and crisis.
Speculation is exploring the unknown with toothpaste-flavored fillings and miniature retractable toothbrushes hidden in dental craters, pondering the depth of what's no longer there.
Speculation is expressing the relationship between a part and a whole. 
Speculation is a thing that is complete in itself. 
Speculation is giving special importance or value to (something) in speaking or writing. 
Speculation is the state or fact of being of great significance or value. 
Speculation is the quality of being worthy of attention. 
Speculation is having or showing the qualities that deserve the specified action or regard.  
Speculation is an amount or section which, when combined with others, makes up the whole of something. 
